you can choose to go to offers if you
want to or not no big deal that mean
you'd excuse to go to football games or
not but you cannot choose not to be
involved in architecture I just heard
from so many people that if you have any
room in your schedule you need to try to
fit in lace class take a lot of
architecture professors focus more on
architecture students whereas larry has
a huge influence on on the University of
the campus as a whole and just even hear
stats about him having taught ten
percent of the university student
population any point in time and
educating them on architecture design
which i think is very rare in his field
he's clearly so absorbed in architecture
and just loves everything about it and
then he translates that into a class so
so well it's not possible you will
through your entire life the embrace you
will be consumed in architecture when I
was a freshman my mom had to come to or
didn't have to she came to parents day
and Larry spoke to all the parents and
my mom's just like she went back to
parents day I think almost exclusively
here at Larry Winston Churchill at the
end of world war two he's making a plea
to Parliament to try to get money for
the rebuilding of London he says we
shape our buildings there after our
buildings shape us he's sold
architecture and and how important it is
to our society and to us as individuals
Larry's philosophy is that he's he's all
about people and he's all about the
broader sense of being an architect and
being in society and it's not just the
lines on paper and the design it's it's
it's about people in their lives so if
you don't know something about it
it's not just rot chose not to be
interested in that but it actually is a
boy that's left in the potential of wine
what your interest in your life could be
he really craps his class as if it was
was a design and not just the lecture
also we run into each other at the gym
all the time and you'll see him walk in
with a book in his face is just smushed
between the pages and you have to kind
of you know shake him to figure this
attention last time he was my teacher
was 27 years ago but I still feel his
presence in my profession today so I
take really seriously this class and
this possibility of you leading a
Richard better more productive more
efficient more inspiring life like I
could listen to any sleep first ever
this is something even if you choose not
to pursue it it's something you're
freaking need to know about
you